[Music]
will you be successful in life there is
no easy path to success and only a
select few have what it takes to make it
to the top to find out whether or not
you'll be among these fortunate ones
just click that subscribe button and
ring the notification bell to join the
bright side of life and let's get into
it
for today's test you'll have 10
questions all you got to do is decide
whether a B or C fits you best be sure
to keep track of your answer choices so
that you can find out your results at
the end so grab a pen and a piece of
paper and let's take a look at the first
question question number 1 what time do
you usually wake up a I'm an early bird
so definitely before 8 a.m.
B I'm somewhere between 8 a.m. and noon
C I'm a night owl for sure so my morning
begins after 12 p.m.
question two
are you a confident person a most of the
time I'm pretty confident in myself and
my abilities be I have my ups and downs
just like everybody else
so it can change depending on the day
see I'm kind of self-conscious and
awkward but I'm working on finding
harmony within myself
question number three what's your main
goal in life a I want to be independent
strong and the best at what I do be I'm
very family-oriented I want to have a
big house and lots of kids see I think
happiness and a no regrets attitude is
what we should all strive for I want to
live my life to the fullest and enjoy
every second of it
[Music]
question number four are you a team
player
a sure behind every successful person
there's a dream team that helped them
get there right B does it matter to me
I can work great both by myself and with
others see nope I like to do things my
own way
[Music]
question number five what's your idea of
a perfect day a going to a master class
reading or learning something new be
meeting up with friends over a cup of
coffee and having long meaningful talks
see staying in bed eating and bringing
on TV shows or movies
[Music]
question number six
one of your best friends just told you
that they got a huge promotion how does
it make you feel eh
of course I'm really happy it's my best
friend and they worked so hard for this
can't wait to celebrate this victory
with them B I'm excited for them sure
but deep down I'm a tiny bit envious I
wish something like this happened to me
C well good for them but not gonna lie
I'm super jealous it should have been me
question number seven you have a week to
finish a very important paper what are
you gonna do a get to work right away so
that I can perfect every little detail
be I'll put it off for a couple of days
but then pull myself together and get it
done
si procrastinate is my middle name I'm
used to doing everything at the last
minute
question number eight what scares you
the most a losing control be losing
someone I love see failure
[Music]
you
question number nine
you've been working around the clock on
a huge project trying to make it as
perfect as it can be but when you
proudly show it to your boss
he harshly criticizes you saying that
you should completely change at least
half of your work what's your reaction
eh I'll listen carefully to every
mistake he points out and try to do it
better be it'll certainly hurt my
feelings and I'll probably feel upset
for the rest of the week but eventually
get right back on the horse see what all
this effort for nothing I'm definitely
gonna be ticked off
[Music]
question number 10
Congrats you've just won a million
dollars what are you gonna do with it
eh I'll invest the money in something I
believe in or use it to advance my
career B I'll probably buy a house or a
car and save the rest C well I'm off on
vacate to have the best time ever see ya
all right now it's time to count your
A's B's and C's will you be successful
in life let's check the results
if you chose mostly A's congratulations
you're definitely going places my friend
you have the brains skills and
determination and you aren't afraid of
making mistakes and failing from time to
time instead of beating yourself up you
learn and grow your motivation is a huge
advantage too since you usually don't
need any additional inspiration you know
what you want and you're excited for the
journey the one thing that's missing
from your life is just a little bit of
relaxation don't get me wrong
working towards your dream is amazing
but you shouldn't forget about having
some fun and spending time with your
loved ones too you have to learn to let
your hair down every now and then and
enjoy the moment when you find this
balance your life will play out in
brand-new colors if option B was your
go-to for this test you have every
chance to be successful one day if you
put your mind to it
you're smart ambitious sweet and most
people really enjoy your company you
have plenty of friends and you love
making new acquaintances it helps that
you can find common ground with just
about everyone the only thing that's
missing is a little bit of assertiveness
this doesn't mean that you should just
up and change your sweet nature though
because being a good and understanding
leader only gives you more points for
being awesome but you still have to
learn to say no be more demanding and
speak up for yourself there are tons of
obstacles on the way to true success and
you need to have inner strength and
power to overcome all of them if you
work on this side of your personality
you'll be unstoppable if you have mostly
C's in your tally then you've got a long
way to success ahead of you and it's not
like you don't have the necessary
qualities you're independent opinionated
and open
minded but you do lack two of the most
important things ambition and hard work
you usually prefer to go with the flow
and expect things to work out for
themselves remember if you want to be
successful you have to be in charge of
your own life take risks at least
calculated ones and be willing to put
your sweat and tears into it your dream
won't come true while you're on the
couch glued to your TV or phone screen
but it will get closer and closer if you
take at least one step towards it every
day so don't waste all your amazing
potential on unproductive activity start
now and one day you'll certainly be on
top of your game what results did you
get tell us in the comments below don't
forget to give this video like share it
with your friends and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side
[Music]